Li Antelope didn't expect this fool to really dare to come
It is said that he stopped eating stupid some time ago
What's the use of that?
We shall crush him with one finger
The deity is just not there yet
Who said the deity admitted defeat?
Antelopes dare to speak wildly
The time has come
If you don't show up, you admit defeat.
Somebody drag the antelope down for me, dad
Since the lion said not to admit defeat
He gave people a chance
This is suicidal
Then let's satisfy him.
The elders are right
This immortal thing
Hai'er teaches a lesson
Do you want to arrange it?
I declare the final field of family contempt
The most territorial waters of the antelope begin